Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM

OMB No. 1124-0001; Expires October 31, 2026

U.S. Department of Justice Registration Statement
Washington, DC 20530 Pursuant to the Foreign Agents Registration Act of
1938, as amended

I--REGISTRANT
1. Name of Registrant

Clock Tower X LLC

2. Registration Number (To be assigned by the FARA Unit)
7649

3. Primary Business Address
3745 Medina Road, Ste C, Medina, OH 44256

4. If the registrant is an individual, furnish the following information:

(a) Residence address(es)

(b) Nationality
(c) Year of birth

(d) Present citizenship
(e) If present citizenship not acquired by birth, state when, where, and how acquired

(f) Occupation

5. If the registrant is not an individual, furnish the following information:

(a) Type of organization: Committee O Association [J Partnership 1 Voluntary group 0

Corporation [J Other (specify) single-Member LLC
(b) Date and place of organization

06/11/2025, Delaware

(c) Name of responsible individual
(e.g., officer, director or partner)

Bradley Parscale

(d) Other business address(es), if any, including
locations of branch or local offices

(e) Ifa membership organization, provide number of members

FORM NSD-1
Revised 10/23

Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM
Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM

(PAGE 2)
(f) List all partners, officers, directors or persons performing the functions of an officer or director of the registrant.

Name Residence Address Citizenship Position

Mr. Bradley Parscale 3745 Medina Road, Ste Cc UNITED STATES Owner
Medina, OH 44256

(g) Which of the above named persons renders services directly in furtherance of the interests of any of the foreign principals?

Name Foreign Principal(s) Services
See Appendix for Response

Describe the nature of the registrant's regular business or activity.
g gu y.

Clock Tower X LLC is engaged in creative strategy and media production, including the development of digital
content, messaging campaigns, and related distribution services for political, cultural, and commercial
initiatives.

(i) Give a complete description of the ownership and control structure of the registrant.

Clock Tower X LLC is a privately held limited liability company wholly owned and controlled by Bradley Parscale,
who serves as its sole managing member.

6. List all individuals, other than those listed in Item 5(g), who render services or will render services to the registrant directly in
furtherance of the interests of any foreign principal(s) in other than a clerical, secretarial, or in a related or similar capacity.

Name Residence Address Foreign Principal(s) Services

Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM
Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM

(PAGE 3)

II-FOREIGN PRINCIPAL
7. List every foreign principal! for whom the registrant is acting or has agreed to act.

Foreign Principal Foreign Principal Address

State of Israel 9 Yitzhak Rabin Boulevard

Jerusalem

ISRAEL

LindleystraRe 8c, 60314 Frankfurt am Main
Frankfurt

GERMANY

HAVAS Media Network

I--ACTIVITIES

8. In addition to the activities described in any Exhibit B to this statement, will the registrant engage or is the registrant engaging
now in activity or rendering services on its own behalf which benefits any or all of its foreign principals?

Yes O No &l

If yes, describe fully.

Foreign Principal Activities/Services

IV—FINANCIAL INFORMATION

9. (a) RECEIPTS-MONIES
During the period beginning 60 days prior to the date of the registrant's obligation to register? under FARA to the date of
registration, has the registrant received from any foreign principal named in Item 7 of this statement, or from any other source,

for or in the interests of any such foreign principal, any contributions, income, or money either as compensation, or for
disbursement or otherwise? YesO No

If yes, set forth below in the required detail and separately for each such foreign principal an account of such monies.*

Foreign Principal Date Received From Whom Purpose Amount Subtotal
State of Israel None
HAVAS Media Network None
$ -00
Total

1 The term "foreign principal," as defined in Section 1(b) of the Act, includes a foreign government, foreign political party, foreign organization, foreign individual and, for the
purpose of registration, an organization or an individual any of whose activities are directly or indirectly supervised, directed, controlled, financed, or subsidized in whole or in
major part by a foreign government, foreign political party, foreign organization or foreign individual.

2 An agent must register within 10 days of becoming an agent, and before acting as such.

3 A registrant is required to file an Exhibit D if he collects or receives contributions, loans, monies, or other things of value for a foreign principal, as part of a fundraising
campaign. There is no printed form for this exhibit. (See 28 C.F.R. § 5.201(e)).

Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM
Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM

(PAGE 4)

(b) RECEIPTS-THINGS OF VALUE

During the period beginning 60 days prior to the date of the registrant's obligation to register* under FARA to the date of
registration, has the registrant received anything of value® other than money, from any foreign principal named in Item 7 of
this statement, or from any other source, for or in the interests of any such foreign principal?

YesO No &l

If yes, furnish the following information:

Foreign Principal Date Received From Whom Purpose Thing of Value
State of Israel None
HAVAS Media Network None

10. (a) DISBURSEMENTS-MONIES
During the period beginning 60 days prior to the date of the registrant's obligation to register® under FARA to the date of
registration, has the registrant disbursed or expended monies in connection with activity on behalf of any foreign principal named
in Item 7 of this statement or transmitted monies to any such foreign principal?

Yes O No &

If yes, set forth below in the required detail and separately for each such foreign principal named including monies transmitted,
if any, to each foreign principal.

Foreign Principal Date Recipient Purpose Amount Subtotal
State of Israel None
HAVAS Media Network None
$ .00
Total

(b) DISBSURSEMENTS-THINGS OF VALUE
During the period beginning 60 days prior to the date of the registrant's obligation to register’ under FARA to the date of
registration, has the registrant disposed of any thing of value® other than money in furtherance of or in connection with its

activities on behalf of any foreign principal named in Item 7 of this statement? Yes O No Xl

If yes, furnish the following information:

Foreign Principal Date Recipient Purpose Thing of Value
State of Israel None
HAVAS Media Network None

(c) DISBURSEMENTS-POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS

During the period beginning 60 days prior to the date of the registrant's obligation to register under FARA to the date of
registration, has the registrant (or any short form registrant) made any contribution of money or other thing of value from its own
funds and on its own behalf in connection with an election to any political office or in connection with any primary election,

convention, or caucus held to select candidates for any political office? Yes No
If yes, furnish the following information:

Date Donor Political Organization/Candidate Method Amount/Thing of Value

4,6, 7 and9 See supra note 2, at 3.
5 and 8 Things of value include but are not limited to gifts, interest-free loans, expense-free travel, favored stock purchases, exclusive rights, favored treatment over competitors,

"kickbacks", and the like.

Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM
Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM

(PAGE 5)

V—INFORMATIONAL MATERIALS”

11. Prior to the time of filing this statement,’’ has the registrant prepared, disseminated, or caused to be disseminated, any
informational materials on behalf of any foreign principal listed in Item 7 of this statement?
Yes O No &]

If yes, identify each foreign principal, list the type of informational materials, and file the informational materials.

Foreign Principal Type of Informational Materials

12. (a) Will the activities of the registrant on behalf of any foreign principal include the preparation or dissemination of
informational materials?

Yes No O

(b) Ifyes, identify each foreign principal and respond to the remaining items in this section.

HAVAS Media Network; State of Israel

13. Has a budget been established or specified sum of money allocated to finance the registrant's activities in preparing or
disseminating informational materials? Yes O No

If yes, identify each foreign principal, and specify the period of time and the amount.
Foreign Principal Period of Time Amount

14. Will any individuals or organizations, including public relations firms or publicity agents, participate in the preparation or
dissemination of informational materials?

Yes &] No O

If yes, furnish the names and addresses of the individuals or organizations.

Name Address Foreign Principal(s)

Clock Tower X LLC 3745 Medina Rd., Unit Cc HAVAS Media Network
Medina, OH 44256

Clock Tower xX 3745 Medina Road, Ste C State of Israel

Medina, OH 44256

15. Activities in preparing or disseminating informational materials will include the use of the following:

O Magazine or newspaper O Advertising campaigns OO Press releases ( Pamphlets or other publications
O Lectures or speeches CZ Radio or TV broadcasts 0 Motion picture films O Letters or telegrams
OO Email

O Website URL(s):
DO Social Media website URL(s):
[X] Other (specify) To be determined; To be determined

10 The term informational materials includes any oral, visual, graphic, written, or pictorial information or matter of any kind, including that published by means of advertising,
books, periodicals, newspapers, lectures, broadcasts, motion pictures, electronic communications, or any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce or
otherwise. Informational materials disseminated by an agent of a foreign principal as part of an activity in itself exempt from registration, or an activity which by itself would
not require registration, need not be filed pursuant to Section 4(b) of the Act.

11 See supra note 2, at 3.

Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM
Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM

(PAGE 6)
16. Informational materials will be disseminated among the following groups:

O Public officials O Civic groups or associations

CO Legislators 0 Libraries

(1 Government agencies 1 Educational groups

0 Newspapers 0 Nationality groups

O Editors [X] Other (specify) To be determined; To be determined

17. Indicate the language to be used in the informational materials:
X] English 0 Other (specify)

VI--EXHIBITS AND ATTACHMENTS

18. (a) The following described exhibits shall be filed with a Registration Statement:

Exhibit A- This exhibit, which is filed on Form NSD-3, sets forth the information required to be disclosed concerning each
foreign principal named in Item 6.

Exhibit B- _ This exhibit, which is filed on Form NSD-4, sets forth the information concerning the agreement or understanding
between the registrant and the foreign principal.

(b) An Exhibit C shall be filed when applicable. This exhibit, for which no printed form is provided, consists of a true copy of
the charter, articles of incorporation, association, constitution, and bylaws of a registrant that is an organization. A waiver of
the requirement to file an Exhibit C may be obtained for good cause shown upon written application to the Assistant Attorney
General, National Security Division, U.S. Department of Justice, Washington, DC 20530. (See 28 C.F.R. § 5.201(c) and (d)).

(c) An Exhibit D shall be filed when applicable. This exhibit, for which no printed form is provided, sets forth an account of
money collected or received as a result of a fund raising campaign and transmitted for a foreign principal
(See 28 C.F.R. § 5.201(e)).

VII--EXECUTION

In accordance with 28 U.S.C. § 1746, and subject to the penalties of 18 U.S.C. § 1001 and 22 U.S.C. § 618, the undersigned swears or
affirms under penalty of perjury that he/she has read the information set forth in this statement filed pursuant to the Foreign Agents
Registration Act of 1938, as amended, 22 U.S.C. § 611 et seq., that he/she is familiar with the contents thereof, and that such contents
are in their entirety true and accurate to the best of his/her knowledge and belief.

Date Printed Name Signature ?

09/18/2025 Bradley Parscale Sign /s/Bradley Parscale

[sign]
sign]
Sign]

12 This statement shall be signed by the individual agent, if the registrant is an individual, or by a majority of those partners, officers, directors or persons performing similar
functions, if the registrant is an organization, except that the organization can, by power of attorney, authorize one or more individuals to execute this statement on its behalf.

Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM
Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM

EXECUTION

In accordance with 28 U.S.C. § 1746, and subject to the penalties of 18 U.S.C. § 1001 and 22 U.S.C. § 618, the undersigned swears or
affirms under penalty of perjury that he/she has read the information set forth in this statement filed pursuant to the Foreign Agents
Registration Act of 1938, as amended, 22 U.S.C. § 611 et seq., that he/she is familiar with the contents thereof, and that such contents
are in their entirety true and accurate to the best of his/her knowledge and belief.

Date Printed Name Signature

9/18/25 Bradley Parscale SS ae

Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM
Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM

Appendix
Response to Item 5(g)

Item 5(g): If the registrant is not an individual, furnish the following information: Which of the above named persons renders
services directly in furtherance of the interests of any of the foreign principals?

Person Foreign Principal(s) Services

Mr. Bradley Parscale State of Israel Registrant shall provide strategic
communications, planning, and media services
in support of Havas' engagement by the State
of Israel to develop and execute a nationwide
campaign in the United States to combat
antisemitism.

HAVAS Media Network Registrant shall provide strategic
communications, planning, and media services
in support of Havas' engagement by the State
of Israel to develop and execute a nationwide
campaign in the United States to combat
antisemitism

Received by NSD/FARA Registration Unit 09/18/2025 7:32:06 PM
